last time on the bill
that cleaned up really nice kept really
nice them up most of the paints all that
y'all make it easier in the shop wise
when we throw them and take this get set
to the right adjustments is saying for
your smaller valves we've valve springs
I should say close that in it goes right
over top of the retainer you need this
of them up since the water head be
perfect sits right on top of the
retainer this side right here precious
to the valve see how C perfect
take the keepers out they always put
them in these old pill bottles as soon
as we take them out the way they don't
lose and if you drop them we're not
searching on the benches and everything
falling okay
that just comes off like so then all its
left is the valve the valve seal and
then the rotating and is that strange
we're sitting on back and forth
now some of these they put the valve
adjustment and everything and put too
much pressure and stuff on the tip of
the valve and they cause it to wear
funny
you get a little birds and stuff there
on the end of the valve so you wouldn't
want to do is just grab yourself a file
just rotate the valve while you're
grinding it down
sometimes they just get all beat up and
how much you can do some people just
decided to take hammers and punches and
try to punch them through and they'll
just damage the valve even more and then
you're going to add the button have to
buy a new valve is to go to the tip them
everything on the valve grinding machine
sometimes it just won't come out so if
you notice any sharp edges or anything
on the tip of the valve would not hurt
to go ahead and grab a file and follow
it off if you got bronze guides and
everything in here inserted you got that
uh that lip and everything there on the
tip of the valve could put a decent
little scratch and stuff down in there
this got the rotators and everything on
the exhaust side to that does is
springing their thing sits on top
rotates the valve keep from sit in the
same spot the way that increases the
durability of the valve and keeps it
from burning the way it's not set in one
place on the seat and just so the valve
itself will kind of rotate a different
spot exactly where's even mm-hmm and
valve job and everything last longer and
look better when you go to tear it down
so that's good what's the next step
disassembly get them caged up and
filming the shop lasted for five to
seven minutes and they'll come out look
like a brand new piece okay alright well
initially really don't see anything once
until we get the flux and everything on
there but pre-inspection really didn't
notice any cracks or signs of any cracks
so um let's get this snagged on and see
what
got okay is it common to have a crack at
Ison red yeah usually if there's a like
what Rob said there's any overheating or
heating overheating and freezing
everything of the heads and vlog pretty
much you want to keep everything pretty
much well lubricated and in a
climate-controlled area the way
temperature fluctuation doesn't mess
around with the casting okay alright
topsides good now on this side what we
will here for here in the chambers
usually like the crack right it going
from cross house going across from sea
to sea okay
they'll catch them occasional crack
going from the bullet hole down to the
head bolt hole okay but usually any
crack you find in the cast iron
depending on where it's that's usually
not good to find cracks anyway though
okay some of them you can't get away
with but most of them you can't
especially if they're going to a coolant
passage you might as well go ahead and
scrap it that's good okay one down then
we check the other one yes sir awesome
okay to give you an example since our
head cylinder heads and block we're okay
we've got here another customers
cylinder head off of 1952 35:6 owner
we're going to check it because there's
probably some cracking in this one so
Tony let's see what we can find out here
then you start seeing the flux getting
down to the crack and everything right
there what usually causes that cracking
would have been water in there okay
possibly but this motor has been sitting
for for quite some time but came in have
rust and everything all over it and then
just from sitting over time from going
from hot to cold causing stress cracks
and everything but this one right here
you can see the crack and everything
right there is actually going down
inside of coolant passage I can take my
finger stick it in there and get right
back behind it okay so this head is
beyond repair correct okay and we're
just lucky with the Malibu that we
didn't have this so we won't have to try
to hurt search for parts right so we
have a car that went through a brick
wall but honestly the engine is still
completely intact yes sir so it very
usable that's a good thing a lot of
people think that just because it's in a
wreck and hits in the front the engines
no good in this case we show houses
bigger something you get hit and there's
a good chance that the motor is okay
right all right if you jump to anything
a lot